Add repo setup (#1)
qiskit-community/qiskit-algorithms: README.md

 [documentation](https://qiskit.org/ecosystem/algorithms/getting_started.html#installation).

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### Optional Installs

### Creating Your First Algorithm in Qiskit

### Further examples

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Contribution Guidelines

If you'd like to contribute to Qiskit, please take a look at our
[contribution guidelines](https://github.com/qiskit-community/qiskit-algorithms/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
This project adheres to Qiskit's [code of conduct](https://github.com/qiskit-community/qiskit-algorithms/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

We use [GitHub issues](https://github.com/qiskit-community/qiskit-algorithms/issues) for tracking requests and bugs. Please
[join the Qiskit Slack community](https://qisk.it/join-slack)
and for discussion and simple questions.
For questions that are more suited for a forum, we use the **Qiskit** tag in [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/qiskit).

## Authors and Citation

> Machine Learning was inspired, authored and brought about by the collective work of a team of researchers.
> Machine Learning continues to grow with the help and work of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Qiskit Algorithms was inspired, authored and brought about by the collective work of a team of researchers.
Algorithms continues to grow with the help and work of
```
